  1. [Scholarships And Credits](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxxGAG/scholarships-and-credits "Scholarships And Credits")

# Certificate of current enrollment for a bank

Students applying for a loan must provide the bank, along with other
documents, with a certificate confirming that the applicant is a student, a
doctoral student, or with a document confirming their participation in the
ongoing process of admission to a first-cycle/second-cycle/single-cycle
programme or to the doctoral school.  
  
The certificate for banks is issued in the Office for Scholarships and
Students with Special Needs (OSSSN) - room D-213; the certificate has to be
signed by a person authorised by the Rector.  
The certificate can be issued only if an employee of the relevant student
office confirms that the requesting student holds the status of a KU student.
The student should first have the data included in the certificate reviewed
and confirmed to be valid by their student office. The student should go with
the certificate from the student office to the Office for Scholarships and for
Students with Special Needs to ask for the certificate to be submitted to a
bank.  
  
A document confirming one’s participation in an ongoing process of admission
to a first-cycle/second-cycle/single-cycle programme or to the doctoral school
is issued by the Admissions Office.  
  
BY E-MAIL  
It is possible to send requests for the certificate to be submitted to a bank
to the Office for Scholarships and for Students with Special Needs (OSSSN)
([stypendia@kozminski.edu.pl](mailto: stypendia@kozminski.edu.pl) ) by e-mail.
The e-mail should include the requesting person’s name, surname, student ID
number, field of study, level of studies (first-cycle/second-cycle/single-
cycle.  
The certificate will be issued on the basis of such a request, verified by the
relevant student office, and the student will be notified by e-mail of the
date to collect the certificate from OSSSN.

