  1. [Scholarships And Credits](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxxGAG/scholarships-and-credits "Scholarships And Credits")

# Income from agricultural holding

On 22 September 2022, the President of Statistics Poland (PL: GUS), pursuant
to Article 18 of the Act of 15 November 1984 on agricultural tax (Journal of
Laws of the Republic of Poland of 2020, item 333), announced the amount of the
average wage for work performed in individual agricultural holdings for 1
comparative fiscal hectare in the year 2021: **PLN 3288.00**

In order to calculate one person’s income from an agricultural holding for the
purpose of an application for a maintenance grant, it is necessary to multiply
the number of comparative fiscal hectares in the holding (or holdings or areas
forming the holding altogether) which belonged to the person in question in
2021 (the number shall be rounded to four decimal points) by the announced
amount of PLN 3,288.00, and then divide the obtained amount of the annual
income by 12 (months).

The amount of the annual income needs to be indicated in the statement of
income (item 3 of appendix 2). If e.g. both parents are the co-owners of the
holding in equal measure, the student should indicate half of the comparative
fiscal hectares (and, at the same time, half of the income from the entire
holding) for each of them in the statement (appendix 2).

**NOTICE! Only an area larger than 1 hectare or 1 comparative fiscal hectare
is considered an agricultural holding.**

**NOTICE! The certificate from the relevant Commune Office (PL: Urząd Gminy)
needs to state clearly that in the YEAR 2021, a given person was the owner of
an agricultural holding of a given surface area. A certificate with a current
date, indicating that a given person is the owner of an agricultural holding
of a given surface area is not enough; the point is to have the surface area
of the holding as of the year 2021 confirmed! The amount of income from such a
holding does not have to be indicated in the certificate.**

An owner of several areas needs to add up the number of comparative fiscal
hectares.

**When calculating the income from an agricultural holding, the amount of the
health insurance contribution is irrelevant, it may not be deducted from
income.**

If you have any questions, please contact our Office for Scholarships and for
Students with Special Needs: ****[stypendia@kozminski.edu.pl](mailto:
stypendia@kozminski.edu.pl)

