  1. [Scholarships And Credits](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxxGAG/scholarships-and-credits "Scholarships And Credits")

# List of documents to be attached to the application for a social scholarship

INFORMATION FOR THE ACADEMIC YEAR 2023/2024 WILL BE UPDATED IN THE SECOND HALF
OF SEPTEMBER 2023.  
  
The list of documents that should need to be attached to the application for a
maintenance grant is specified in the Student Support Regulations (regulations
on the benefits granted to students) at KU for 2022/23, § 16.  
 **In the case of a certificate from the Tax Office, it is necessary to submit
the original document; other documents can be submitted in the form of copies;
the Grants Committee may call the student applying for the grant and request
them to present the original documents for inspection.**  
  
All of the documents that a student submits with the application should be
listed on page 5 of the application. In the upper right-hand corner of each
document it is necessary to enter the number under which the document appears
on page 5 of the application (if the document has more than one page, a given
number should be entered on each page).  
Appendix 2, i.e. the statement of income (the student submits a statement of
their income and of the income of other members of their family) should also
be entered on page 5 of the application. In each of the four points of
appendix 2, it is necessary to answer YES or NO (the student submits as many
appendixes 2 as there are adult members of their family).  
 **MAIN DOCUMENTS TO BE ATTACHED TO THE SUBMITTED APPLICATION:**

  * **In the case of a monthly per capita family income which does not exceed PLN 600.00, the student applying for the grant needs to submit a certificate on the applying student’s and their family’s income and material circumstances, issued by the relevant social welfare unit. Failure to submit the certificate in question may result in a refusal to grant the student the maintenance grant applied for ( _As of October 2023, this will not be a certificate on the income and_ material circumstances _, but a certificate on the use of social assistance benefits in the year of application)_**

If a student fails to attach the said certificate to their application, they
need to give reasons for not attaching the certificate and to indicate and
document their family’s sources of income - specimen explanation statement.

The fact of submitting an explanation statement DOES NOT MEAN THAT THE GRANT
APPLIED FOR WILL BE AWARDED. It will depend on the explanations provided and
on the committee’s judgement of the circumstances.

  * Appendix 2 to Student Support Regulations (regulations on the benefits granted to students) at KU for 2022/23, i.e. STUDENT’S statement of income of each member of their family (income for 2021 and current income) (THE STUDENT fills in appendix 2 for each adult family member, submits a statement on the income of each family member based on information obtained from them)
  * a Tax Office certificate on the income (or no income) of each adult member of the applying student’s family; the header of the certificate should read: “zaświadczenie o dochodach, które podlegają opodatkowaniu podatkiem dochodowym od osób fizycznych na zasadach określonych w art. 27, 30b, 30c, 30e i 30f ustawy z dnia 26 lipca 1991 r. o podatku dochodowym od osób fizycznych” [EN: “certificate on the amount of income taxable under the personal income tax on principles defined in Articles 27, 30b, 30c, 30e, and 30f of the Act of 26 July 1991 on personal income tax”] (if it is a shared statement of spouses, the statement needs to feature separate amounts for each of the spouses, not just the sum of these amounts),
  * a Tax Office certificate on the amount of non-taxable income earned in 2021 by a person aged under 26,
  * PITs (annual tax declarations) for 2021, issued by the relevant paying agents (e.g. PIT-11 from company X, where a given person was employed in 2021; PIT 40A/11A from the Polish Social Insurance Institution (ZUS) if a given person received their retirement pension, disability pension, sickness benefit; a relevant PIT from a District Employment Agency [PL: Powiatowy Urząd Pracy] if a given person received an unemployment benefit; PIT-B for 2021 in the case of a person who conducted economic activity in 2021, etc.) - this pertains to PITs issued by the paying agent (the company, the Social Insurance Institution, etc.), and not PIT-37 or PIT-36 submitted by the taxpayer to the Tax Office.
  * a certificate of the amount of full (9% of the base) health insurance contribution in 2021 - from the Polish Social Insurance Institution (ZUS) or from the employer (if a person had several sources of income, a certificate on the amount of the health insurance contribution from each employer or a breakdown of the entire 2021 contribution into individual sources of income on the certificate from the Social Insurance Institution will be required) 

NOTICE: Certificates of the amount of the health insurance contribution due in
connection with a given income **are not required** in the following cases:

  * zero gross income (nothing should be deducted from zero and the health insurance contribution is needed to convert the gross income into a nett income),
  * income taxable under the lump-sum income tax,
  * “lost income”,

  * income from agricultural holding,
  * when the amount of health insurance contribution as indicated in the PIT-11/11A/40A declaration is 0.

OR instead of a certificate on the amount of health insurance contribution, in
the case of “lost income”:

  * documents/statement proving the fact that a person has lost their income (e.g. a certificate of employment, an employment confirmation document issued by the employer) if a given income no longer exists, e.g. the person has lost their job, their right to receive financial support, etc. (see: “lost income”)

**DOCUMENTS REQUIRED WHEN THE APPLYING STUDENT’S FAMILY MEMBERS INCLUDE THEIR
SIBLINGS OR CHILDREN:**

  * a document proving the age of the student’s minor siblings or child/children (e.g. a birth certificate, a school enrolment certificate with the date of birth)
  * a school/university enrolment certificate to confirm the student’s children or adult siblings are in education in the year 2022/2023; the certificate should also include the date of birth (if the certificate does include the date of birth, it will be necessary to provide a separate document to confirm the age of the student’s siblings/children)

  
**ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS - THE NEED TO SUBMIT THEM DEPENDS ON THE SITUATION OF
THE APPLYING STUDENT’S FAMILY, e.g.:**

  * in the case of conducting business activity: a printout from the Central Registration and Information on Business database (CEIDG),
  * in the case of ownership of an agricultural holding: a certificate issued by the relevant Commune Office (PL: Urząd Gminy), • indicating the 2021 quantity of hectare equivalents for the family member who owns the agricultural holding, or two payment orders: for 2021 and 2022, but only if the number of the hectare equivalents included in both orders is the same

NOTICE: The certificate from the relevant Commune Office (PL: Urząd Gminy)
needs to state clearly that in the YEAR 2021, a given person was the owner of
an agricultural holding of a given surface area. A certificate with a current
date, indicating that a given person is the owner of an agricultural holding
of a given surface area is not enough; the point is to have the surface area
of the holding as of the year 2021 confirmed! The amount of income from such a
holding does not have to be indicated in the certificate.

  * a court verdict on the amount of maintenance awarded to a given person from the undergraduate/graduate student’s/doctoral student’s family,
  * a certificate issued by a bailiff, proving the enforcement of the court-awarded maintenance in 2021 to be ineffective in full or in part,
  * a certificate indicating the amount of benefits paid from the maintenance fund in 2021 to a given person

NOTICE: if no maintenance is received, it is necessary to submit a certificate
proving that no maintenance was received from the maintenance fund in 2021
apart from the said certificate issued by a bailiff

  * the death certificate of the undergraduate/graduate student’s/doctoral student’s father/mother/spouse
  * the undergraduate/graduate student’s/doctoral student’s marriage certificate
  * appendix 3 if the student submits their application without including their parents and siblings and their income therein a document proving the fact of “earning an income” and indicating the amount of the income, i.e. a statement of • employment and earnings issued by the employer, confirming that a given person is employed at.... based on ... (type of contract) in the period from .. to .... , and the amount of their nett remuneration for .... (month) is PLN .... (see: “lost income”)

If the applying undergraduate/graduate/doctoral student does not declare any
income per person in the family, they are obliged to submit a statement on the
sources of their family’s livelihood, indicating the amounts and facts
describing their current situation.  
  
 **EXAMPLE OF A COMPLETE SET OF DOCUMENTS CONCERNING A GIVEN PERSON’S
INCOME:**

  1. Appendix 2 to the Regulations (i.e. the statement on income) for John Smith.
  2. A Tax Office certificate for John Smith on the amount of no income/income earned in 2021, taxable under the personal income tax on principles defined in Articles 27, 30b, 30c, 30e, and 30f of the Act of 26 July 1991 on personal income tax,
  3. A PIT-11 declaration for 2021 for John Smith, issued by John Smith’s employer - a company named Orion.
  4. A certificate from the Polish Social Insurance Institution (ZUS) or Orion on the amount of the health insurance contribution paid in 2021 for John Smith (full contribution, 9% of the base)

The certificate referred to in item 4 is necessary only if John Smith worked
for Orion in 2021 and continues to work there. If he lost his job in 2021 or
after 2021 and is not employed by Orion anymore, he will have to submit a
document proving that he lost his job instead of the said certificate on the
amount of health insurance contributions

e.g.

A certificate of employment issued by Orion for John Smith.

or

A statement of employment issued by Orion for John Smith (a document
indicating when the employment contract ended)

If John Smith found new employment, signed a contract of mandate with a new
company - Mercury - on 01.08.2022, another document that will have to be
submitted is:

  1. A statement of employment and earnings issued by Mercury for John Smith, indicating the period and the basis of employment (the type of contract/agreement, the ‘from - to’ period) and the nett amount of the remuneration for the month coming after the month of employment – in this case, for September 2022. 

If John Smith owned an agricultural holding in 2021 apart from the above, then
another document to be submitted will be:

A certificate issued by the relevant Commune Office (PL: Urząd Gminy) or
Municipal Office (PL: Urząd Miasta) for John Smith, proving John Smith’s
ownership of an agricultural holding in 2021 and indicating the surface area
of this agricultural holding in 2021.

