  1. [Scholarships And Credits](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxxGAG/scholarships-and-credits "Scholarships And Credits")
  2. [Rector's Scholarships](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADyTGAW/rectors-scholarships "Rector's Scholarships")

# Rector’s scholarship awarded on the grounds of arithmetic average of grades

1\. Based on the submitted applications for a rector’s scholarship awarded on
the grounds of an **arithmetic average grade of at least 4.50** , the Grants
Committee draws up a ranking list for each field of study represented in the
submitted applications. The ranking lists will include grade averages for the
previous academic year with the surnames of students, sorted by grade average
in descending order.  
  
2\. The grade average is calculated on the basis of the provisions of the
Study Regulations.  
  
3\. The grade average is an arithmetic average, calculated on the basis of the
sum of grades and graded assessments for all courses included in a curriculum
divided by the number of grades and graded assessments included in the said
curriculum – taking into account all ‘fail’ grades as well.  
  
4\. The arithmetic average of grades is calculated rounded mathematically to
**two decimal points** based on the third decimal digit  
  
5\. The arithmetic average of grades **does not include** the grades obtained
for one’s thesis and diploma examination.  
  
6\. If the grading scale at the higher education institution where a student
has completed their undergraduate-level (first-cycle) studies or from which
they have transferred to KU is different from that adopted at KU, the
arithmetic average grade shall be adapted to KU’s grading scale and calculated
as follows:

• it is necessary to determine the share (in percentage terms) of the highest
possible grade average at the previous higher education institution
represented the student’s grade average (up to four decimal points),  
• the same share (in percentage terms) should be determined for the highest
possible grade average at KU – meaning for 5.00  
• the obtained result, according to item 2), is the student’s grade average
recognised at KU.

  
7\. The student’s grade average needs to be confirmed in their application by
an employee of the relevant student office ( **any possible doubts regarding
the grade average need to be clarified at the student office before submitting
the application** ).

8\. The grade average that provides the grounds for a scholarship for a given
field of study in a given academic year will depend on the number of all
applications for a rector’s scholarship submitted and on the amount of funds
the committee will have at disposal.

Contact details: [stypendia@kozminski.edu.pl](mailto:
stypendia@kozminski.edu.pl), phone: (22) 519 21 80,  
  
How to apply for the 2022/2023 academic year -
[here](https://mykozminski.force.com/s/article/Druk-wniosku-o-stypendium-
rektora?language=en_US)

