  1. [Scholarships And Credits](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxxGAG/scholarships-and-credits "Scholarships And Credits")
  2. [Grants](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADyGGAW/grants "Grants")

# Santander Universidades

![](/servlet/rtaImage?eid=ka02o000000EiSm&feoid=00N2o000008tiW7&refid=0EM2o0000021y1T)  
 ****

**Support for education in times of pandemic**  

The pandemic significantly limited the opportunities for competence
development through participation in conferences, trainings, workshops,
internships, etc. In order to support young people in this difficult time, the
Santander Group has remodeled and intensified the support it has been offering
for years to the academic community.

In 2020 only we provided:

![santander1.png](/servlet/rtaImage?eid=ka02o000000EiSm&feoid=00N2o000008tiW7&refid=0EM2o000002425x)  

**Santander Scholarships**  

In 2021, Santander Scholarships offer many interesting projects carried out
with prestigious partners from abroad and the best Polish universities. They
include, among others:

  * foreign languages – online courses run by the British Council and English-language programs concerning, among others, job search in the global market.
  * digital skills – intensive online courses in the field of programming, Excel, SQL, BigDate, automation, internet marketing, the use of digital tools in everyday work, etc. They will be organized, among others in cooperation with Massachusetts Institute of Technology or Ironhack.
  * soft skills – we will also find projects implemented, among others with the London School of Economy or Esade regarding teamwork, leadership skills, communication, negotiation, emotional intelligence.
  * entrepreneurship –training in running a business and meetings with entrepreneurs who will talk about their career path and business case studies.

**Global scholarship platform**  
  
The registration of applications for all projects financed by the Santander
Group is published on the platform [santander-grants.com](https://www.becas-
santander.com/es/index.html). It gives the opportunity to apply for selected
projects implemented not only in Poland, but also those organized by Santander
from Spain, Germany, Great Britain and even South America.

  
**Register at**[ **santander-grants.com**](https://www.becas-
santander.com/es/index.html)  

![Santander
foto](/servlet/rtaImage?eid=ka02o000000EiSm&feoid=00N2o000008tiW7&refid=0EM2o0000023dCU)

  
**Cooperation with over 50 universities in Poland**  

Together with the Kozminski University, we have implemented many initiatives,
such as:

  * Scholarship programmes,
  * financial support for the TOP 15 program - printing of scientific papers prepared by students as part of the competition for the best students,
  * Conditions for the sustainable development of space undertakings in Poland. Finance - risk - law - educational programme,
  * “Family business - quo vadis?” conference,
  * Burger & Fifa Kozmiński Championships by Santander,
  * Participation in the Live healthy program - workshops on the principles of healthy eating
  * Workshops on a healthy lifestyle with Kamila Saganowska
  * Participation of Kozminski University employee in the W50 Scholarship in the United States,
  * Student participation in a vacation scholarship at Georgetown University.

**Santander Universidades branches** which cooperate with student
organizations and take an active part in the life of the university. In
addition, they offer:  
  

  * Chillout zone - if you want to relax during a break between classes, drop by and play on the console with your friends!
  * Meeting room - if you need a place where you can organize a meeting of members of a student organization or simply study in silence with your friends!
  * Support in the organization of events, trainings and workshops - Do you have an idea for a cool event? Let's talk how we can help
  * Modern banking services - we will show you what modern banking is and how to use it safely.

**[Check where we are](https://www.santander.pl/santander-universidades/nasze-
strefy)**  
  
![Santander
foto2](/servlet/rtaImage?eid=ka02o000000EiSm&feoid=00N2o000008tiW7&refid=0EM2o0000023dCo)

  
**#DzielimySięWiedzą (We share the knowledge)**  

Sharing of knowledge is an important element of educational activity.
Santander Bank Polska Experts take part in many trainings and workshops held
in cooperation with universities. As in the previous year, a flagship project
will also take place in 2021: Akademia Santander Universidades. In 2020, over
800 people took part in a series of webinars with the bank's top management.

  
More information about the Santander Universidades Programme:  
  
<http://www.santanderuniversidades.pl>  
<https://www.facebook.com/SantanderUniversidadesPolska>

**Do not hesitate to contact me:**

Bartosz Urban

Manager of Santander Universidades Relationship Branch
[Bartosz.Urban@santander.pl](mailto:Bartosz.Urban@santander.pl)

\+ 48 691 504 694

  

