  1. [Library](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxsGAG/library "Library")

# What databases can KU access?

The databases labelled to be accessible via a proxy server can be accessed
using an own computer or another device by following the instructions
provided: [here](https://mykozminski.force.com/s/article/Chcia%C5%82bym-
skorzysta%C4%87-z-baz-danych-dost%C4%99pnych-na-stronie-Biblioteki-ALK-Jak-to-
zrobi%C4%87?language=en)  

Browsing through the contents of several databases simultaneously (e.g. EBSCO,
HeinOnline, ProQuest, SAGE, ScienceDirect, Springer and Wiley-Blackwell) using
the MultiSearcg Engine
([here](https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?authtype=ip,uid&custid=s6865912&groupid=main&profile=eds)).  

Searching for the titles of journals/magazines in several databases
simultaneously (EBSCO, HeinOnline, ProQuest, SAGE, ScienceDirect, Springer and
Wiley-Blackwell) is possible using the AtoZ search engine
([https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?profile=pfi&custid=s6865912&groupid=main&authtype=ip,uid](https://search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?profile=pfi&custid=s6865912&groupid=main&authtype=ip,uid)).

  
**LIST OF DATABASES AVAILABLE AT KU:**  

**Base name**

|

**Description**

|

**Availability**  
  
---|---|---  
  
Academica

|

Digitized publications from resources of Polish National Library.

|

KU Library - workstation in the Main Reading Room.  
  
Bloomberg

|

Financial information. NOTE: You can reserve a computer with access to this
database (after 3:30 p.m.). If you wish to do it - follow these
[instructions](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/file-storage-baza-
wiedzy/Ecse6A_Xq_1JrzY-Jx_By1wB1hKa_DE64uNhbduqIrc25Q?e=QW6s6P).

|

KU - building A, room 24  
  
[Cambridge University Press](http://www.cambridge.org/mybooks)

|

Cambridge University publications.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Ebook Central](http://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/alk)

|

Monographs from various publishers and in various subjects (before the first
use, please register by clicking on the inscription "Create Account").

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[EBSCO](http://search.ebscohost.com/)

|

Journals and books from various publishers and in various subjects.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Emerald](http://www.emeraldinsight.com/)

|

A collection of selected periodicals published by Emerald between 1901 and
2006.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[EMIS](http://site.securities.com/)

|

Economic information concerning Central Europe and articles from various
newspapers and magazines.

|

KU campus (because of pandemic - until further notice - also via a proxy
server)  
  
[ft.com](https://www.ft.com/)

|

"Financial Times" news. To use this database, you need to register at:
<http://ww.ft.com/kozminski>.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[HeinOnline](http://home.heinonline.org/)

|

Articles from various legal journals and other legal texts.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[IBUK Libra](http://libra.ibuk.pl/)

|

Monographs from various publishers and in various subjects.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[INFOR Lex](http://inforlex.pl/loginlink/3db69e123eaaee)

|

INFOR publications.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Legalis](http://sip.legalis.pl/)

|

C.H. Beck publications (mainy in law).

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Lex
Akademia](https://borg.wolterskluwer.pl/Auth/ChooseProductForIpAccessForAnonymousUser.ashx?applicationId=SelfService&referer=https%3A%2F%2Fborg.wolterskluwer.pl%2FAuth%2FChooseProductForIpAccess.ashx&_ga=2.204968020.557421776.1548789452-1190951193.1520590904)

|

Wolters Kluwer Polska publications (mainly in law).

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Nature](http://www.nature.com/nature)

|

Electronic version of "Nature" journal. Issues from 2010-2022.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[ProQuest](http://search.proquest.com/)  
_Access to the base in 2023 has been supported by the Polish National Agency
for Academic Exchange under the STER programme_  
![NAWA en
logo](/servlet/rtaImage?eid=ka067000000J7oO&feoid=00N2o000008tiW7&refid=0EM67000005kOvn)

|

Journals from various publishers and in various fields.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
Puls Biznesu| Online version of popular Polish business journal. Available
(for KU staff and students only) after registering at:
<https://pb.pl/kozminski>| For KU staff and students – no limits  
Rzeczpospolita| Electronic version of one of the most opinion-forming Polish
dailies. To gain access, you have to register your account on the platform at
<https://partner.rp.pl/alk>, providing your e-mail address in the KU domain|
For KU staff and students – no limits  
  
[SAGE](http://journals.sagepub.com)

|

Journals published by SAGE.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Science Online](http://www.sciencemag.org/)

|

Electronic version of "Science" journal. Available until 31st March 2023.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[ScienceDirect](http://www.sciencedirect.com/)

|

Journals published by Elsevier.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Scopus](http://www.scopus.com/)

|

Abstracts and citations from scientific journals and other scientific
publications.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Springer](https://link.springer.com/)

|

Springer publications.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Taylor & Francis](http://www.tandfebooks.com/)

|

Monographs published by Taylor & Francis Group.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
Thomson Reuters Eikon

|

Financial data from around the world.

|

KU library - Main Reading Room (ask a librarian on duty to log into this
database)  
  
[VitalSource](https://resolver.vitalsource.com/)

|

Academic textbooks in various fields.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Web of Science](http://webofknowledge.com/)

|

Information on scientific publications.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[Wiley-Blackwell](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com)

|

Wiley-Blackwell publications.

|

KU campus, proxy server  
  
[wynagrodzenia.pl](http://wynagrodzenia.pl)

|

Portal dedicated to remuneration.

|

KU campus (in order to obtain a password, please contact the library).  
  
Contact details:

[biblioteka@kozminski.edu.pl](mailto:biblioteka@kozminski.edu.pl)

tel. no. (022) 519 21 42

