  1. [Student Organizations](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADy3GAG/student-organizations "Student Organizations")

# How to set up a scientific club?

Step 1.

Gather a group of students interested in the area which is to be the primary
focus of your organisation.

Step 2.

Select a supervisor (from among the academic teachers of Kozminski University)
and, after obtaining their consent to become the supervisor, together with the
founding group, develop the principles of the organisation’s operation
(referred to in §1 section 3 of Regulation No. 71-2019/2020 of the Rector of
Kozminski University of 27 September 2019 on the principles of operation of
student organisations at Kozminski University -
[link](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/file-storage-baza-
wiedzy/Eaf6G9DTKoRFh09XHy-YODoBacyrkuuoWh89naBjb8bY8A?e=UqzxNr)), adopting in
particular: the name of the organisation and the description of the scope of
its activity, the organisational regulations, and the schedule of activity for
a period of one year.

Step 3.

The application for the establishment of your organisation and the [draft of
your organisational regulations](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/file-
storage-baza-wiedzy/Ec5tkETUEo1AqX2K2oLQ4osBaql1n68sT5Kk_kbOKSLEPQ?e=HwZhUQ) (
**be advised that the draft is in Polish** ) and schedule of activity for a
period of one year should be sent to the Coordinator for Student Development
Projects and Initiatives
([atomasiewicz@kozminski.edu.pl](mailto:atomasiewicz@kozminski.edu.pl%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank))

Step 4.

Once the Coordinator for Student Development Projects and Initiatives approves
your application, you can draw up a NOTICE OF ESTABLISHMENT OF ORGANISATION AT
KU (according to the specimen -
[link](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/file-storage-baza-
wiedzy/EcAUGhvM7_9JgiTv50xko-4BX0tVxDSVMCjJ9IbWW_eHBg?e=tJwSYl)) and send it
to the Coordinator. The documents will be submitted to the Vice-Rector for
Student Affairs and Programme Delivery. Upon completion of the registration
process you will receive a notice of registration of your organisation in the
Register of Student Organisations at Kozminski University.

Any other questions? Feel encouraged to reach out to me – Alicja Tomasiewicz –
at
[atomasiewicz@kozminski.edu.pl](mailto:atomasiewicz@kozminski.edu.pl%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank)

