  1. [Incoming Students](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxpGAG/incoming-students "Incoming Students")

# What is the Free Mover programme?

 **ABOUT THE PROGRAMME**

Academic mobility under the Free Mover program refers to students at higher
education institutions currently enrolled to undergraduate-level (bachelor’s),
graduate-level (master’s), and postgraduate-level (PhD) programmes, willing to
relocate for one semester or one academic year to Kozminski University in
order to continue their original academic programme or to take certain
specific courses.

Kozminski University offers the same opportunities as those offered to
exchange students; details are available at:
[https://www.kozminski.edu.pl/pl/spolecznosc/incoming-
students](https://www.kozminski.edu.pl/pl/spolecznosc/incoming-
students%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank) in the programmes and course catalogues.

**FREE MOVER PROGRAMME DETAILS**

The Mobility Regulations for Free Movers at KU provide for an option of an
academic mobility stay offered to students from higher education institutions
that do not have a signed agreement with KU, or if a partner higher education
institution has already reached the quota limit mentioned in the signed
agreement.

This type of academic mobility does not require any agreement for student
mobility between KU and the home university of the student, so Free Mover
students are students who participate in mobility on their own initiative,
while exchange programme students take advantage of mobility programmes at
their home universities.

Free Mover students are students who travel entirely on their own initiative,
while exchange programme students take advantage of exchange programmes at
their home universities, benefitting from scholarships financed from Erasmus,
Nordplus, EEA funds and the like.

Free Mover students will have to cover the fees at KU in order to attend their
courses in the same way as the rest of the exchange students. Therefore, they
will have to submit an Application Package.

Free Movers have the same rights as exchange students, but they are not
considered Erasmus students.

Participating in the Free Mover programme does not give programme participants
the right to obtain a KU diploma.

Students can apply to take part in the Free Mover programme for fall and
spring semesters.

**PROCEDURE**

Students willing to take part in the Free Mobility programme should contact
the Incoming Students Coordinator at the International Relations Office of KU:
[incoming.students@kozminski.edu.pl](mailto:incoming.students@kozminski.edu.pl)

Students should specify the cycle (level), the field of study, and the
semester they wish to pursue.

The Incoming Students Coordinator checks the possibility and provides the
student with information about the decision.

The student has to submit their Application Package after they obtain a
positive decision.

**PAYMENT**

The tuition fee is PLN 500 for 1 ECTS credit.

One course, depending on the number of ECTS credits, will cost PLN 500
multiplied by the number of ECTS credits obtained for the course (if the
course is 3 ECTS, its cost is 3x500 = PLN 1500)

