  1. [Study](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADy4GAG/study "Study")
  2. [Exams](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADyDGAW/exams "Exams")

# What should I do if I fail a course?

There is a first attempt date and a retake date for each assessment or
examination.  
In the case of a course that requires students to attend practical classes,
students are allowed to take the examination provided that they pass the
practical classes first. Any student who fails to pass practical classes in
the first attempt or as part of a retake loses the right to take the
examination.  
  
If a student has failed to get credit for a course or pass an examination in
due term, the student may, upon the rectorâ€™s consent, repeat the course. In
such an event, the rector lets the student repeat the course on the grounds of
unsatisfactory results in a higher year on condition that the course needs to
be passed (completed) within a deadline given by the rector.  
A student may repeat not more than three courses in one academic year. In
justified cases, after obtaining the rector's approval, the student may repeat
additional two courses.  
  
The student submits the electronic application to repeat a course/courses
after the end of the spring semester examination session, but not later than
by September 30 of a given academic year, taking into account all the non-
passed courses from the entire academic year (KU has adopted an annual
clearance system) ([https://my.kozminski.edu.pl](https://my.kozminski.edu.pl))  
  
A student may submit another application for repeating a course provided that
they have obtained credit for and passed examinations of all courses the
repetition of which they applied for in the previous academic year.  
  
If a student fails to obtain credit for or to pass an examination taken as
part of a repeated course, they may apply to the Rector and request to be
allowed to repeat the semester or the academic year; otherwise, the student
may be removed from the list of students.

  

