  1. [International Exchange](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxqGAG/international-exchange "International Exchange")

# Student’s Study Exchange Program

Study Abroad Program Regulations

1.1. [Rector's Regulation for the academic year
2022/2023](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/file-storage-baza-
wiedzy/EfDIwuhoVOxOgY8pAwOPyKMBETXt63muFabItrld48BIOA?e=Sk1cSI)  
1.2. [Rector's Regulation for the academic year
2021/2022](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/file-storage-baza-
wiedzy/EfmZVQ71Sn5Mg_xP0FUsyGYBU0MfAB9K5w4vsPhb4RoUfw?e=Ct8wbG) (in Polish)

2\. The Erasmus + scholarship allowance  
The scholarship is awarded from Erasmus+ projects which are available at KU in
a given academic year. Rates for individual projects may vary.

  * [KA131 2021-2023](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/file-storage-baza-wiedzy/EY236KT4049AvRaQLP_ySM4BC2h81h9nhFHxYyhC0gFyqQ?e=b1DPNv)
  * [KA131 2022-2024](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/file-storage-baza-wiedzy/EaZTUzvHSedHthN9aYVh3xwBzZZ1SUZZT-TBRy69ukAVWQ?e=S0F7TC)

3\. [Green Travel](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/file-storage-baza-
wiedzy/EVuUN54xCcFAurAWpJPlJkQBLR1IjTsFMNHSq1t-jo_L6A?e=bKSj8V)  
4\. Partner
[Universities](https://mykozminski.force.com/s/campuses?language=en)

5\. [Tool](https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/) for calculating the cost of
living in a given country

6\. [Erasmus Student Charter](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/file-
storage-baza-wiedzy/ETheSUXi1c9Dp1ojQ7eF4F4BkP6tUTVtM4GnjqYVaCoTaQ?e=KBqLhe)  
7\. What are the possibilities of student mobility offered at KU?  

There are such types of project offering the students mobility:  

**\- Erasmus+ exchange** (student exchange program at a partner university in
Europe with co-financing),

**\- PO WER** (student exchange program carried out with a partner university
in Europe with a special program of co-financing for students with
disabilities and in a difficult financial situation),

**\- bilateral exchange** (student exchange program with a partner university
outside EU without co-financing)

In all mentioned cases, KU students **do not pay** for studies at partners
university.

Erasmus+ offers students scholarships/co-financing for:

  * Student exchange for studies (minimum one semester)
  * International student internships (minimum 2 months)
  * Recent graduate internships (minimum 2 months)

For students who want to participate in shorter international programs, KU
partners offer the so-called international summer / winter schools, training
courses. Offers are available at IRO FB. (podlinkowane FB IRO)

Such mobilities are not co-financed by Erasmus+.

  
**I. Regulations for the student’ exchange program for studies:**

**Who can participate:**

According to the rules of the Erasmus + program, study abroad is possible
after completing **the first year of undergraduate studies** , i.e. students
can go earliest at their second year. However, if you are under 18 years old,
please check whether the partner university, you have chosen, has the option
of admitting students under 18.

Students with active students status only can take part in the exchange
program.

Program is open for students from undergraduate, master's or doctor's studies,
for full-time and part-time form of studies.

Students who have failed the course and have the repeat the course may also
apply for an exchange program, however in such a situation, the Vice-Dean
makes decisions, setting a date for passing the overdue exam.

**When to apply for the exchange program for studies** :

Students apply for a mobility program in **January of each year** , if the
mobility is planned in the next academic year: **Fall and Spring semesters.**
So, in order to go abroad on the second year, you should get acquainted with
the offer and the procedure already in October - November of the first year of
your study.

Additional recruitment is possible in **September** for the **Spring semester
of the same year.** Students choose places that have been unused or released
after the recruitment in January. The request for individual application
should be sent to outgoing@kozminski.edu.pl

**How to apply:**

  * An application for exchange should be submitted in the my.kozminski system, enclosing scans of all required documents.
  * The application will be rejected by the system in case of missing documents.
  * Students may choose up to 15 partner universities according to the priority list of their choices. 

**Criteria:**

The following criteria are taken into account:

  * grade point average for the previous semester cannot be lower than 3.5. If the average is lower than 3.5, the Vice Dean's consent to participate in the international exchange is required.
  * confirmation of the knowledge of English at the minimum B2 level.
  * activity at KU

A student can get max 100 points:

  * 50 points for the GPA from the previous semester (e.g. 4.5 = 45 points)
  * 40 points for the knowledge of English (depending on the level: B2 - 25 points, C1 - 30 points, C2 - 35 points, native - 40 points)
  * 10 points for activity for KU (from 1 to 3 points for one confirmed activity) - not required

**Necessary documents in English**

  * CV
  * Cover letter
  * English language certificate or a passed test at KU
  * confirmation of activity at KU

**II. The process of applying and implementing the exchange program for
studies:**

  * **In January** , students apply by uploading the required documents to [Mykozminski](https://my.kozminski.edu.pl/%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank).
  *  **In February,** the Qualification Committee examines the applications
  *  **In March,** the Recruitment Results are announced on the website and sent to the student's account.
  * Students have **5 days** from the date of announcement of the results to resign from the exchange program free of charge (otherwise in later term 400 PLN are subject to pay ).
  *  **In March - April** , the KU International Relations Office (IRO) nominates students to partner universities
  *  **In April-May** , students receive a welcome e-mail from **the partner university** , if students go for an exchange in the Fall Semester / Winter semester (if students go to the Spring Semester / summer semester, the welcome e-mail will come in the fall semester).
  *  **In April - May** **Students apply / register themselves in** the partner university system. Information on required documents by the partner university can be found on the partner university website or contact the coordinator at the partner university.
  *  **In May,** students choose courses at the partner university and consult the selected program with their **Vice-Dean at Kozminski University**.
  * Students enter the agreed study program into Mykozminski, signing the **Learning Agreement** (LA part “Before Mobility”) electronically and sending it to the Vice-Dean in the system.
  * The vice-dean signs LA electronically.
  *  **In June** IRO sends LA to the partner university, which signs LA electronically (the student can always download LA from the system in pdf).

  
After receiving the LA, signed by three parties (KU Vice Dean, KU Student and
Partner University), the Erasmus + Coordinator at KU prepares the Financial
Agreement if the student goes to university in the Erasmus + program.  
  
The student is required to read, complete and sign the Agreement. The
agreement contains information on the settlement of the exchange, the method
of calculating the scholarship, etc.(please note that according to EU general
rules one year was adopted to 360 days and one month to 30 days).

  
**Obligations resulting from the Erasmus + scholarship agreement**  

\- Completing the subjects agreed in the Learning Agreement,  
\- Completing obligatory OLS language test (before starting the Mobility),  
\- filling in the obligatory Erasmus + questionnaire,  
\- sending an official [Confirmation of
Stay](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/file-storage-baza-
wiedzy/EQIlV0clHfxAh3dv3ut8jmABU7o7VQBwfgmc4--f0BhNhQ?e=YSfMcY), issued by the
host university to the IRO at KU  
\- uploading Transcript of Records to mykozminski system

  * KU transfers the first scholarship installment in the amount of 80% to the bank account in **Euro** provided by the student.
  * If students changes courses at the partner institution, they must contact their Vice-Dean at KU in order to obtain recognition of the change. Then students fill in LA in the mykozminski part "During Mobility", which should be signed by the Vice-Dean, partner university and the student.

  
**The student has 30 days** from the date of commencement of studies at the
partner university to change courses.

  * If the student extends the stay at the partner university, i.e. the dates specified in the Financial Agreement, do not agree with the dates for the Confirmation of Stay, it is the student's responsibility to report changes to the Erasmus+ Coordinator at KU **during the exchange** period. The University will not grant the scholarship for a period not covered by the Financial Agreement after the completion of the exchange.

  * After completing the Erasmus+ Exchange Program, the student is required to:

\- submit [Confirmation of Stay](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/file-
storage-baza-wiedzy/EQIlV0clHfxAh3dv3ut8jmABU7o7VQBwfgmc4--f0BhNhQ?e=YSfMcY)
to "After Mobility" section in mykozminski system

\- upload to the mykozminski Transcript of Records to the "After Mobility"
section

\- response the Erasmus + Questionnaire

  
If students are not beneficiaries of the Erasmus + Program, they are obliged
to:

\- upload to the mykozminski Transcript of Records to the "After Mobility"
section

  * If the student has fulfilled the obligations mentioned in the Erasmus + Agreement, the Erasmus + Coordinator at KU pays the 2nd installment of the Erasmus + scholarship in the amount of 20%.
  * The exchange coordinators at KU convert the grades and enter them into the KU system.
  * Subjects and grades obtained during exchange program in EU and non-EU countries are noted in the KU diploma supplement.
  * The conversion of grades is available in the mykozminski system. We encourage you to read it before you go for an exchange

Similar procedure is applicable for the students going for the Spring
semester, adapted to the different time frame mobility.

**III. About the Erasmus + scholarship**

**Who is eligible for Erasmus scholarship?**

Each student at Kozminski University has the so-called **mobility capital** \-
a specific number of months that, within a given level of study, can be spent
abroad as an Erasmus + scholarship holder:

**12 months – undergraduate, master's and doctoral studies**

**24 months - master's studies in law**

Mobility capital can be used by taking part in a exchange mobility for study,
international internship or by combining these two types of mobility.

1\. Co-financing from the Erasmus+ program budget is available to every
student (who has active student status at KU) going to study at a partner
university located in the European Union or going to an enterprise located in
the European Union for an internship.  
  
2\. Every student with a disability who has a certificate or a student in a
difficult financial situation who has a social scholarship may apply for
additional funds under the Erasmus+ program when going on mobility to a
partner university/enterprise. Detailed information can be found in the
attachment about rates.  
  
3\. Scholarship is available to KU academic and administrative staff who go to
a partner university located in the EU in order to conduct classes or exchange
experiences.  
  
4\. Scholarship is available for experts, employees, representatives of EU
companies, who are coming to KU to teach or give workshop to KU community.  
  
5\. E+ scholarship is a subsidy aimed at covering differences in the costs of
living between the home and host countries.

**IV. More about Erasmus+**  

<https://ec.europa.eu/programmes/erasmus-plus/node_en>  
  
**V.** KU does not provide nor guarantee outgoing students accommodation in
the city where they will carry out their mobility.  
Students are responsible for taking care of/arranging flights, accommodation,
visas and insurance on their own.

