  1. [Scholarships And Credits](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxxGAG/scholarships-and-credits "Scholarships And Credits")
  2. [Rector's Scholarships](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADyTGAW/rectors-scholarships "Rector's Scholarships")

# When and where should I apply for a rector’s scholarship?

_INFORMATION FOR THE ACADEMIC YEAR 2023/2024 WILL BE UPDATED IN THE SECOND
HALF OF SEPTEMBER 2023._  
  
 **Applications for the rector’s scholarship for the academic year 2022/2023
WILL NOT be filled out in e-applications.**  
Like in previous years, it’s necessary to download the application form
[(HERE),](https://mykozminski.force.com/s/article/Druk-wniosku-o-stypendium-
rektora?language=en_US) fill it out, get confirmation from the relevant dean’s
(student service) office/Sports Centre on appendix 5A/5B/5C, and then submit
it to the  
[Office for Scholarships and for Students with Special
Needs.](https://mykozminski.force.com/s/article/BIURO-DS-STYPENDI%C3%93W-I-
STUDENT%C3%93W-NIEPE%C5%81NOSPRAWNYCH?language=en_US)  
  
 **WHEN?**  
When to submit applications: Applications shall be submitted from 1 to 15
October. Given the fact that the scholarship awarding procedure is
competition-based, the date of 15 October is the ultimate deadline for
submission.  
The Rector's Scholarship is NOT semester-based, applications are only accepted
once a year in October.  
  
 ** _HOW? WHERE?_**  
  
 **1\. IN PERSON** at the university, [at the Office for Scholarships and
Students with Special Needs](https://mykozminski.force.com/s/article/BIURO-DS-
STYPENDI%C3%93W-I-STUDENT%C3%93W-NIEPE%C5%81NOSPRAWNYCH?language=en_US)  
OR  
2\. by posting the application **by traditional MAIL** to the address of the
university, in an envelope with an annotation reading “stypendia”
(scholarships/grants) (please send an e-mail to
[stypendia@kozminski.edu.pl](mailto:stypendia@kozminski.edu.pl) with
information that the application has been posted by traditional mail and
specify the post date)  
  
( **NOTICE!** In the case of applications for a rector’s scholarship, apart
from sending the application by traditional mail, please also send a scanned
copy of the application by e-mail together with information confirming the
fact of sending it by mail - for information purposes only, sending the
scanned copy DOES NOT equal submitting the application)  
  
 **PLEASE DO NOT SEND ADDITIONAL E-MAIL MESSAGES TO ADDRESSES OTHER THAN THE
ONE GIVEN ABOVE** \- it will considerably disorganise our workflow.

