  1. [Career](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxoGAG/career "Career")

# When and where can I go for an Erasmus+ international internship programme?

 **Who:** Every student or recent graduate of Kozminski University can go on
international internships under the Erasmus + program. The condition is to
have the current status of KU student or Recent Graduates. It is not possible
to complete an internship under Erasmus + while on a dean's leave.

  
**For how long** :  
1\. Short term internship – 5-30 days combined with virtual mobility  
2\. Long term internship - the minimum period is 2 months (60 days)

  
**When to apply at KU:** A student may go abroad under the Erasmus + Placement
program after completing the **third semester of studies**. In exceptional
cases, a student may apply for the Erasmus + Placement Program earlier than
after the third semester and complete an internship with the consent of the
Rector's Proxy for Student’s Internship.

Applications are accepted at the international Relations Office **throughout
the entire academic year.** Internships may take place in a period agreed by
the student, company and the Internship Representative.

Recent Graduates are entitled to internships under the Erasmus + program if
they have not exceeded the 12-month mobility capital (i.e. if they have not
previously benefited from the Erasmus scholarship, granted up to 12 months in
the last cycle of studies).

In order to apply for the minimum grant for the international internship, a
person planning a graduate internship must submit a **Registration Form** and
confirmation of acceptance for the internship before defending the academic
title.

  
**Where to apply for the scholarship at KU** : apply by sending the set of
required document (see the Procedure) to International Internship Coordinator
Marzena Indra, [marzenai@kozminski.edu.pl](mailto:marzenai@kozminski.edu.pl)

  
**Where to go:** In the Erasmus + program, you can go to EU countries, to the
countries of the European Economic Area: Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and to
North Macedonia, Serbia and Turkey for a student internship.

  
These can be enterprises / companies, research institutes, non-profit
organizations and other institutions (state administration units, museums,
libraries, hospitals, etc.).

  
**It is NOT** possible to do internships under the Erasmus + program in EU
institutions, in institutions responsible for the management of EU programs,
or in Polish diplomatic missions abroad.  
  
 **Full list of institutions where Erasmus + internships is not possible:**
**<https://european-union.europa.eu/institutions-law-budget/institutions-and-
bodies/institutions-and-bodies-profiles_en>**

**Scholarship:** Kozminski University has the option of granting students and
graduates a minimum of two-month co-financing the international internship
carried out in EU and EEA countries.

The amount of the scholarships depends on the country of students destination

**Rates:** [Project 2021](https://kozminski.sharepoint.com/:b:/s/file-storage-
baza-wiedzy/ET3MDzumtOtNnCtm0nBCplMBmG6W4_yOm9QdUAqKHjq-RQ?e=5prEhT)  

If you have any questions, please contact the International Internship
Coordinator: Marzena Indra,
[marzenai@kozminski.edu.pl](mailto:marzenai@kozminski.edu.pl)

