  1. [IT](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxzGAG/it "IT")

# myKozminski

 **myKozminski** is a portal created to facilitate the use of university
information systems. Here you will find your calendar with upcoming events and
classes, and in the application catalog, you will learn about a dozen systems
that will facilitate your work and study at Kozminski University.  
  
  
 **Login**  
You can go through the login process using your university account, Google
account, or Facebook account. If you log in for the first time using a Google
or Facebook account, remember to add your university account to gain access to
functionalities for students such as the My Applications application or
Virtual University. The account can be connected in the Settings tab using the
"Join another account" button  
  
The first time you log in, you will be asked to register a myKozminski account
which will be automatically linked to the account you use to log in. After
registering your account, you can log in using the "Log in with myKozminski
account" option  
  
  
 **Settings**  
In the basic settings, you can adjust the appropriate font size, color theme,
and display language. You can also change the password to myKozminski, but
remember that it will not change your password to the university account or KU
mailbox. The last setting that you can adjust to your convenience is a form of
two-step verification - which is the source of the code to log in to
myKozminski. We recommend using an authentication application that completely
eliminates the waiting for an e-mail / SMS code that may be delayed by mailbox
hosting or poor coverage on the phone.  
  
  
  
 **Application catalog**  
In the application catalog, you will find all systems offered by KU. Below we
present the most important of them.  
  
 **Knowledge base** \- here you will find all the necessary information for
your studies at Kozminski University. Enter the password you are interested in
in the search engine and find the answer. In case finding something turns out
to be too difficult, you will also find a contact person who will help you
find the right information.  
  
 **Virtual university** \- information center about your studies at Kozminski
University. Here you can check your timetable, grades, get contact with
lecturers and choose additional subjects.  
  
 **My Applications** \- an electronic document circulation system that allows
you to submit all applications and applications in electronic form. Do you
need a new ID, do you want to create a thesis workflow, or maybe you need to
submit an application for excusing absence? If so then this application is for
you.  
  
  
  
 **My profile**  
  
Here you can check your personal data in the myKozminski account.  

