  1. [IT](/s/topic/0TO2o000000ADxzGAG/it "IT")

# ap.mobilna for students

![app
mobilna.png](/servlet/rtaImage?eid=ka02o000000El65&feoid=00N2o000008tiW7&refid=0EM2o000003enae)  

Wersja w języku polskim dostępna jest
[tutaj](https://mykozminski.force.com/s/article/ap-mobilna-dla-
student%C3%B3w?language=pl).  

**My Studies** Clicking and holding the “My Studies” the app will display a
panel to change between study programs. This functionality is active only for
students studying in more than one field of study. My studies contain basic
information about the study path also traditionally available at the Virtual
University:  

**The schedule** shows current timetable, details are updated in real-time, a
reminder can be set for future classes. Touching the field with the name of
the activity opens its details as a pop-up to the full screen. It can be
closed by dragging it down with one finger or clicking on the cross in the
upper right corner.  

**Grades** from the current and previous semesters, the tile presents final
and partial grades. The grades must be entered into the KU's dean's office
system to be displayed. Final and partial grades for one subject are
aggregated under rolled beams.  

**Exams** During the exam session, the tile displays the list of exams -
"Upcoming Credits" and "Past Credits". The first one presents what exams await
the student in the session. The application displays the next exams as the
highest on the list. Based on grades, app displays a progress bar at the top
of the screen (progress of passes). The tile is visible at all times.  

**Scholarships** is divided into two parts - "Scholarship Applications" and
"Grants Awarded". The detailed view includes the rationale for the decision
provided by the person responsible for examining the application. All
information about each scholarship is aggregated under a drop-down bar with
the name of the scholarship. In the "Scholarship Applications" tab, the
student can see what applications have been submitted. The tile is visible to
all users of the application.  

**Payments** are divided into two parts, "Your receivables" and "Your
deposits". Your receivables display financial data and details, i.e. current
balance, receivables, and interest, as well as the account number and the
distribution of payments in installments in individual semesters. In the Your
payments section, you can see the details of the payments made, i.e. the
amount and date of posting.  

**My lecturers** present a list of lecturers conducting classes in the current
semester and a preview of the list of lecturers from previous ones. From here,
the user can check when the lecturer has consultations, send a message to the
selected lecturer using the e-mail program from a mobile device.  

In the **University** section, the user has access to information about
Kozminski University, this section is available without logging into the
application.  

The tile **About the University** presents Kozminski University, history,
accreditations, certificates, rankings, information about the campus, and much
other interesting information.  

The **Employees** tile allows you to search by entering the name and surname
of a Kozminski University employee. is divided into two parts Lecturers and
Administrative staff.  

**Recruitment** tile, the user can fill in the online application form for the
selected studies, course, or training.  

The **Offer** tile presents the educational offer of Kozminski University.  

**Contact** provides information on contact details to individual
organizational units for students, lecturers, candidates for studies,
graduates, people interested in cooperation with the Kozminski University.  

The **Academic year organization** tile displays the academic year schedule,
holiday breaks, exam session dates for particular groups of fields of study as
well as levels and types  

The **News** section presents news and events from the life of Kozminski
University.  

The **Messages** section allows you to view the messages and announcements
sent to the user using the Virtual University system. Messages that are
important to the user can be marked as Favorites.

